Have you ever encountered this situation?
You have planned everything well
and you are super excited to visit the new place
But…
Such a bummer
As you are new to the place
You don’t know where to go next
Do you need help?
Yes
Let me introduce you MOGO
What’s this?
It’s your travel intelligent
It will give you travel tips
and re-planning suggestions
We should try this out!
It’s Jessica and Sejal’s first time trip to Seattle
And they bring MOGO with them this time
On their way to visit Space Needle
MOGO detects some place that Jessica
might enjoy based on her previous feedback
They accept the restaurant
and the given suggest time
And the Crab Pot Restaurant
is added to their plan
On their way to Seattle Art Museum
Jessica’s watch vibrates again
At this time, MOGO alerts Jessica that
the Seattle Art Museum they planned to visit
At 13:15 is closed unfortunately
But no worries! MOGO suggests them
Some alternatives that can fit into the time
As they are waiting for their dinner
MOGO asks Jessica about her feeling of
the Crab Pot Restaurant they went today
Thanks to MOGO,
Its personalized recommendation
quick re-planning function and real-time support
really helped Jessica and Sejal